scan: allow loading truncated scans (#677)
lumicks/pylake: changelog.md

## v1.5.2 | t.b.d.

#### Improvements

> * Added a fallback which allows loading scans which have been truncated at the end. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a fallback which allows loading scans or kymographs that have truncated photon count channels. 
```
